Enhance the procedure to export Subscription Manifest (#1931)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-the-satellite-tools-repository.adoc

. Use the Search field to enter the following repository name: *{project-client-name} (for RHEL 8) (RPMs)*.
. In the Available Repositories pane, click on *{project-client-name} (for RHEL 8) (RPMs)* to expand the repository set.
+
If the *{project-client-name}* items are not visible, it may be because they are not included in the Red{nbsp}Hat Subscription Manifest obtained from the Customer Portal.

> To correct that, log in to the Customer Portal, add these repositories, download the Red{nbsp}Hat Subscription Manifest and import it into {Project}.

Reviewer: What was wrong with this? The original first sentence was clearer.

Author: I just reworded it.

Author: Because the sentence `it may be...` wasn't straight and clear. However, I am open to restoring it.

Reviewer: I'd keep the two original lines, because we're just adding a link that gives more details about these two lines.

Author: Addressed :+1:

It redirects you to the Subscription Manifest page.

> Add these repositories, export the Red{nbsp}Hat Subscription Manifest and import it into {Project}.

Reviewer: I suggest using just a link to the chapter [Managing Red Hat Subscriptions](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/6.12/html-single/managing_content/index#Managing_Red_Hat_Subscriptions_content-management) in _Managing Content_.

If we need to update the docs regarding the Cloud Console, it should be done inside that chapter, but that is a greater task.

Author: Addressed :+1:

. Use the Search field to enter the following repository name: *{project-client-name} (for RHEL 8) (RPMs)*.
. In the Available Repositories pane, click on *{project-client-name} (for RHEL 8) (RPMs)* to expand the repository set.
+
If the *{project-client-name}* items are not visible, they must be included in the Red{nbsp}Hat Subscription Manifest obtained from the Customer Portal.

> For more information about getting the Subscription Manifest, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/6.12/html/managing_content/managing_red_hat_subscriptions_content-management[Managing Red Hat Subscriptions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}managing_red_hat_subscriptions_content-management[Managing Red Hat Subscriptions] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.
```

+
If the *{project-client-name}* items are not visible, it may be because they are not included in the Red{nbsp}Hat Subscription Manifest obtained from the Customer Portal.
To correct that, log in to the Customer Portal, add these repositories, download the Red{nbsp}Hat Subscription Manifest and import it into {Project}.

> For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}managing_red_hat_subscriptions_content-management[Managing Red Hat Subscriptions] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}Managing_Red_Hat_Subscriptions_content-management[Managing Red Hat Subscriptions] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.
```
Watch the capitalization of the anchor.

Author: Right. I should have verified it thoroughly.
